Welcome to the introduction of
the LTN simulator. My name is
Poppy and my name is Denik and
we will guide you through this
video. LTNS, or low traffic
neighbourhoods are residential
neighbourhoods which use
barriers to philtre and reduce
traffic, creating a safer, less
busy space for cyclists and
pedestrians to explore LTNS,
they created a programme
simulation of Exeter's own
Heavitree, which is an area
currently undergoing an LTN
trial conversion. The simulated
environment achieves the barrier
effect through the means of
various philtres which can be
placed along the road at
intervals of the user's choice.
For example, the user may place
a blocker that prevents all
traffic from passing through, or
one which only allows cyclists
to pass through. Our intent was
to provide a model that would
allow evaluation of the criteria
such as mean and aggregated
travel time or noise pollution
for each of the possible
configurations. This minimises
time spent trialling the LDN in
the real world, preventing as
much disruption as possible.
This video will explain in
greater depths
the aims of our project, how it
functions and we'll play for you
three simulations. Where to put
the blockers within a
neighbourhood is not readily
apparent. Each possible
configuration of blockers needs
to be evaluated for how it
affects each of the criteria,
and these tests take a long time
when executed in the real world,
causing discomfort to local
inhabitants. The team has
proposed using a simulator to
address this issue. Evaluating
the configuration in a simulator
first allows for the discovery
of promising solutions, whilst
discarding those which was
caused
angio hardships. The simulation
has a neighbour represented as a
graph through which the
travellers move. Each traveller
has their daily agenda and is
physically present in
dissimulation. The travellers
have a maximum speed
acceleration and cannot pass
through each other. They also
maintain safe separation, enough
to stop before colliding if the
other vehicle immediately
stopped and let pedestrians
pass.
The programme also allows for
barriers to be placed throughout
the neighbourhood. There are
various types of barriers
available in the menu. They can
be placed manually to simulate
any sort of traffic restriction.
Here we show 3 simulations. In
the first simulation we show the
basic neighbourhood with no
barriers placed. It serves as a
baseline to compare any other
barrier configurations against.
The second simulation has
barriers placed in excess and as
we can see, they disrupt an
effective flow of traffic. This
leads to an increase in travel
time.
The third simulation has
barriers placed the block heavy
traffic. This significantly
reduces noise pollution in the
neighbourhood as well as directs
the flow of traffic. The optimal
placement of barriers within LDN
is a complex problem due to
multiple competing objectives.
There may be configurations that
are better in all objectives
than some other, but in most
cases this will be a tradeoff
between the different competing
objectives. It is also important
to look for good solutions and
to test them before committing
to them, because the bad
solution
may be worse than no solution at
all.
Now it's your turn. The
simulator is available from our
website. Give it a try yourself
and find a good barrier
configuration for Heavitree.
Thank you for watching.